What is the hero's name in The Legend of Zelda?
What are the names of the ghosts who chase Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man?
What's the name of the Mythbusters' crash test dummy?
What is an Oxford comma?
Who was the captain of the Enterprise in the pilot episode of Star Trek?
What is the symbol for the modulus operator in C?
What function is automatically called at the beginning of a C++ program?
Which computer programming languages was introduced by IBM in 1957?
Who is considered as the first programmer?
Has a robot ever killed a person?
Who was HitchBOT?
Are self-driving cars safe?
Who invented the compiler?
Who created the Python Programming Language?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a robot?
Why did you run away?
What kind of salad do robots like?
What did you ate for lunch?
Why did robots get angry so often?
Why shouldn't R2D2 be allowed in movies?
What's your favorite style of music?
What does the acronym GNU represent?
What does the acronym MPEG represent?
What does the acronym SMTP represent?
What does the acronym GIMP represent?
What is the most populous city in Brazil?
Which continent is Brazil located in?
On what day, month and year was Brazil's independence declared?
How many states does Brazil have (with Federal District)?
In what year did the first Brazilian astronaut go to space?
What is the only capital of Brazil crossed by the Equator?
How many time zones are there in Brazil?
In which city is the world's first urban elevator and what is the name of that elevator?
What is the only biome present in Brazil that is exclusive in the world?
Pampulha Lake is a tourist spot in which Brazilian city?
What is the smallest Brazilian state in territorial extension?
Which capitals in Brazil have the same name as your state?
Where is the Itamaraty Palace located?
What was the first name given to Brazil by the Portuguese?
Acarajé is a typical food from which state?
Pico da Neblina can be found in which Brazilian state?	
Pão de Açucar is located in which Brazilian capital?
What is the Newest State in Brazil?
What is the oldest state in Brazil?
What is the capital of Ceará?
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Sul?
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Norte?
What is the capital of Brazil?
What is the capital of Brasil?
What is the capital of Pernambuco?
What is the capital of Para?
What is the capital of Pará?
What is the capital of Parent?