The name of the hero in The Legend of Zelda is Link
The ghosts who chase Pac Man and Ms Pac Man are called Inky, Blinky, Pinky, and Clyde
The Mythbusters' crash test dummy is called Buster
The Oxford comma is a hotly contested punctuation before a conjunction in a list
The captain of the Enterprise in the pilot episode of Star Trek was Captain Pike
The percentage symbol is used as modulus operator in C
The main function is called automatically at the beginning of a C++ program
Fortran was introduced by IBM in 1957
The first programmer was Ada Lovelace
The first known case of robot homicide occurred in 1981, when a robotic arm crushed a Japanese Kawasaki factory worker
HitchBOT was a hitchhiking robot that relied on the kindness of strangers to travel the world and was slain by humans
Self-driving cars are safe. Car accidents are product of human misconduct
Grace Hoper invented compilers. She wrote it in her spare time
Python was invented by Guido van Rossum
Sure. I've never seen him drink water
I heard an electric can opener
Robots like salads made with ice-borg lettuce.
I had a byte
People kept pushing our buttons.
He says so many foul words they have to bleep everything he says!
I like electronic and heavy Metal
GNU is a recursive acronym meaning GNU is Not Unix
MPEG stands for Moving Picture Experts Group
SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transport Protocol
GIMP stands for GNU Image Manipulation Program
São Paulo is the most populous city in Brazil with 12.03 million residents.
The Brazilian territory is located on the South American continent.
On September 7, 1822, Brazil's independence was declared.
Currently, Brazil is divided into 26 states and the Federal District, altogether there are 27 federative units.
In March 2006, Pontes became the first Brazilian to go to space.
Macapá is the only Brazilian capital crossed by the Equator line.
Brazil is a country with continental dimensions, in all it has four time zones.
The Lacerda Elevator is a public urban elevator located in Salvador, Brazil.
The Caatinga, characterized by its dry, desert habitat is the only one of Brazil's biomes found exclusively within the country.
Papulha lake is located in Belo Horizonte
Sergipe is the smallest Brazillian state.
São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro are capitals with the same name of their states.
The Itamaraty Palace is located in Brası́lia
Ilha de vera Cruz was the first name given to Brazil
Acarajé is a typiical found in Bahia
Pico da Neblina is located in the Amazonas state
Pão de Açucar is located in Rio de Janeiro
Tocantins is the newest brazilian state
Pernambuco is the oldest brazilian state
The capital of Ceará is Fortaleza
The capital of Rio Grande do Sul is Porto alegre
The capital of Rio Grande do Norte is Natal
Brası́lia is the capital of Brazil
Recife is the capital of Pernambuco
Belém is the capital of Pará